[docs][istio] Add note about istio multicluster debugging (#16607)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/110-istio/docs/README.md

To create a multicluster, you need to create a set of `IstioMulticluster` resources in each cluster that describe all the other clusters.

In case of issues when working with a multi-cluster, it is necessary to check in each cluster:

> 1. The status of the `IstioMultiCluster` resources. To do this, run the command `kubectl describe istiomulticluster cluster-name`. It is important that the resource status shows `Root CA` and that the `Public Last Fetch Timestamp` field has a recent timestamp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The status of the `IstioMultiCluster` resources. To do this, run the command `d8 k describe istiomulticluster cluster-name`. It is important that the resource status shows `Root CA` and that the `Public Last Fetch Timestamp` field has a recent timestamp.
```
